Hello, and welcome to The Complete JavaScript Course.
Thank you for signing up
and for becoming a part of this course.
This is your course, I designed and built it just for you.
So, after months of planning, researching,
filming, and perfecting every aspect of the course,
this is the best product that I've ever created.
And I really hope that it shows
and that you're gonna enjoy every minute of it.
So, why JavaScript and not something else?
And that's actually an easy answer,
because today JavaScript is really the language
that powers the entire internet.
It allows developers to add complex dynamics
to websites and web apps,
and it also allows us to use
all of these popular frameworks,
like React, Angular, and Node.js,
to build even more advanced web applications.
Now, all of this requires a deep
and true knowledge of the JavaScript language.
But the problem is that many times
JavaScript can be really confusing and hard to learn.
And that's why I decided that I had to build this course,
which is the course that I wish that I had
when I first learned JavaScript,
to help you take your web development career
to the next level.
So this really is a complete course.
We go all the way from the basics
to the theory and really advanced stuff,
and we're also gonna build two real-world beautiful apps
that you're gonna be really proud of.
So let's now see what we're gonna talk about in this course.
So, we're gonna kick off the course
with the very basics of the JavaScript language
and of programming in general.
So that you gain a very good foundation
for the rest of the course.
After that, we're gonna take a look
behind the scenes of the JavaScript language,
so that you learn how JavaScript actually works.
And this is gonna be a good blend of theory
and practical lectures that I designed specifically
so that you can gain the knowledge
that many JavaScript beginners out there simply don't have.
So this is gonna be a very important section.
We then move on to our very first project,
where we're gonna use JavaScript in the browser
for the very first time.
So we're gonna code up this very cool game
where we make JavaScript actually interact
with an HTML webpage.
Really cool, right?
Okay, and after that, we're gonna take a deep dive
into some of the most advanced features of the language,
which is objects and functions.
So we're gonna talk about advanced stuff
like prototype inheritance, first-class functions,
and closures, and also a lot more.
And finally our biggest real-world project,
where everything that we learn up until that point
comes together and starts making even more sense.
So we're gonna code this beautiful budget app
where you can track incomes and expenses
and calculate the global budget for a month.
So, really cool again.
And you're still gonna learn
lots of new stuff in this project,
like how to structure and organize your code
and how to actually think about problems and solutions.
So this is really the coolest
and biggest part of the course.
Okay, and finally we're gonna move on
to the new, modern version of JavaScript,
which is ES6, or ES2015, so that you're always up to date
with your JavaScript skills.
And so in this section, we're gonna take a look
at some of new features of the language,
and also see some practical applications.
Okay, and that's what we're gonna cover in this course.
And I also included some coding challenges for you,
so that you can immediately practice what you learn.
And to make this even better,
I also included a 30-question exam
for you to test out your knowledge
that you gained from this course.
And now I hope that you have a lot of fun with this course
and that you're really gonna become a better web developer.
So, without further ado, let's dive right in.